this is a rare moment of relative quiet
for these members of a medical team in
Gaza their shift is about to start and
they are already engaged in a
conversation about war that personalize
their fears and uncertainty about the
future Mahmud is the youngest he is
single but he has an extended family to
worry about as air strikes
intensify my father passed away recently
I look after my mother we're very
close wheel displays photos of every
rescue mission his team has taken part
in he says he wants to keep the memories
alive in case anyone gets
killed Israeli Army has attacked medical
workers ambulances and hospitals despite
International condemnation Medics Say No
One Is Safe in
Gaza we Face situations where those
trapped under the rubble are asking for
help you're their only chance because
ambulances can go anywhere you become
the their only hope when their loved
ones cannot come to their
aid by Sunset air strikes have hit a
residential area Mahmud drives fast to
get to the
site this man has been injured by
shrapnel and needs immediate help as
soon as the ambulance arrives at the
hospital its team receives an urgent
call to
return casualties are on the
rise
this man was pulled from Rubble with
serious head injury the team take him to
the nearest hospital but it's
overwhelmed they have to find another
hospital willing to treat
him as the days go by pressure of
Medical Teams is mounting they feel
helpless people are buried under Rubble
hundreds are rushed to hospitals
distraught families want to know about
their loved ones
emergency calls don't stop this mother
fears for her child she says the one
month and a half baby has breathing
problems I'm a father I have three
children I feel like I learned a lot
from my experience with my
kids defying exhaustion fears and lack
of sleep gaza's Medics may never be able
to take a day
off
rarely a few hours pass without the
sound of explosions families crying for
help and many people waiting to be
pulled from under the rage hash Al
jazer